---
name: jaeger-query
packages:
- jaeger

templates:
  config/bpm.yml.erb: config/bpm.yml
  config/ui.json.erb: config/ui.json
  config/es/tags-as-fields.txt.erb: config/es/tags-as-fields.txt
  config/es/token.txt.erb: config/es/token.txt
  tls/es.tls.key.pem.erb: tls/es.tls.key.pem
  tls/es.tls.cert.pem.erb: tls/es.tls.cert.pem
  tls/es.tls.ca.pem.erb: tls/es.tls.ca.pem

consumes:
- name: elasticsearch
  type: elasticsearch
  optional: true

provides:
- name: jaeger-query
  type: jaeger-query
  properties:
  - admin-http-port
  - metrics-backend
  - metrics-http-route
  - query.port
  - query.base-path

properties:
  job-name:
    description: Name of this job - DO NOT CHANGE
    default: jaeger-query
  admin-http-port:
    description: The http port for the admin server, including health check, /metrics, etc.
    default: 14269
  downsampling.hashsalt:
    description: Salt used when hashing trace id for downsampling.
  downsampling.ratio:
    description: "Ratio of spans passed to storage after downsampling (between 0 and 1), e.g ratio = 0.3 means we are keeping 30% of spans and dropping 70% of spans; ratio = 1.0 disables downsampling."
    default: 1.0
  log-level:
    description: "Minimal allowed log Level. For more levels see https://github.com/uber-go/zap"
    default: info
  metrics-backend:
    description: "Defines which metrics backend to use for metrics reporting: expvar, prometheus, none"
    default: prometheus
  metrics-http-route:
    description: Defines the route of HTTP endpoint for metrics backends that support scraping
    default: "/metrics"
  query.additional-headers:
    description: Additional HTTP response headers
    example:
    - "Access-Control-Allow-Origin: https://example.com"
  query.base-path:
    description: "The base path for all HTTP routes, e.g. /jaeger; useful when running behind a reverse proxy"
    default: "/"
  query.bearer-token-propagation:
    description: Allow propagation of bearer token to be used by storage plugins
    default: false
  query.port:
    description: The port for the query service
    default: 16686
  query.static-files:
    description: The directory path override for the static assets for the UI
  query.ui-config:
    description: UI configuration file contents in JSON format
  span_storage_type:
    description: "What span storage type to use. Supported values are: elasticsearch"
    default: elasticsearch
  es.bulk.actions:
    description: The number of requests that can be enqueued before the bulk processor decides to commit
    default: 1000
  es.bulk.flush-interval:
    description: A time.Duration after which bulk requests are committed, regardless of other thresholds. Set to zero to disable. By default, this is disabled.
    default: 200ms
  es.bulk.size:
    description: The number of bytes that the bulk requests can take up before the bulk processor decides to commit
    default: 5000000
  es.bulk.workers:
    description: The number of workers that are able to receive bulk requests and eventually commit them to Elasticsearch
    default: 1
  es.create-index-templates:
    description: Create index templates at application startup. Set to false when templates are installed manually.
    default: true
  es.index-prefix:
    description: 'Optional prefix of Jaeger indices. For example "production" creates "production-jaeger-*".'
  es.max-num-spans:
    description: The maximum number of spans to fetch at a time per query in Elasticsearch
    default: 10000
  es.max-span-age:
    description: The maximum lookback for spans in Elasticsearch
    default: 72h0m0s
  es.num-replicas:
    description: The number of replicas per index in Elasticsearch
    default: 1
  es.num-shards:
    description: The number of shards per index in Elasticsearch
    default: 5
  es.password:
    description: The password required by Elasticsearch
  es.server-urls:
    description: List of Elasticsearch servers, must be full url
    example:
    - 'http://127.0.0.1:9200'
  es.sniffer:
    description: The sniffer config for Elasticsearch; client uses sniffing process to find all nodes automatically, disable if not required
    default: false
  es.tags-as-fields.all:
    description: (experimental) Store all span and process tags as object fields. If true .tags-as-fields.config-file is ignored. Binary tags are always stored as nested objects.
    default: false
  es.tags-as-fields.tags:
    description: (experimental) List of tag keys which will be stored as object fields.
    example:
    - env
  es.tags-as-fields.dot-replacement:
    description: '(experimental) The character used to replace dots (".") in tag keys stored as object fields.'
  es.timeout:
    description: Timeout used for queries. A Timeout of zero means no timeout
    default: 0s
  es.tls.ca:
    description: Contents of a TLS CA (Certification Authority) file used to verify the remote server(s) (by default will use the system truststore)
    example: |
      -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----
      etc.
  es.tls.certificate:
    description: Contents of a TLS Certificate file, used to identify this process to the remote server(s)
    example: |
      -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----
      etc.
  es.tls.private_key:
    description: Contents of a TLS Private Key file, used to identify this process to the remote server(s)
    default:
    example: |
      -----BEGIN RSA PRIVATE KEY-----
      etc.
  es.tls.enabled:
    description: Enable TLS when talking to the remote server(s)
    default: false
  es.tls.server-name:
    description: Override the TLS server name we expect in the certificate of the remove server(s)
  es.tls.skip-host-verify:
    description: (insecure) Skip server's certificate chain and host name verification
    default: false
  es.token-file:
    description: Contents of a file containing bearer token. This flag also loads CA if it is specified.
  es.use-aliases:
    description: (experimental) Use read and write aliases for indices. Use this option with Elasticsearch rollover API. It requires an external component to create aliases before startup and then performing its management. Note that es.max-span-age is not taken into the account and has to be substituted by external component managing read alias.
    default: false
  es.username:
    description: The username required by Elasticsearch. The basic authentication also loads CA if it is specified.
  es.version:
    description: The major Elasticsearch version. If not specified, the value will be auto-detected from Elasticsearch.